Python: Load Arbitrary Particle Weight (#1097)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: docs/source/usage/python.rst

      :param py: momentum in y
      :param pt: momentum in t
      :param qm: charge over mass in 1/eV
      :param bunch_charge: total charge within a bunch in C

>       :param w: weight of each particle: how many real particles to represent

Reviewer: What if we call `w` something like `macroparticle_charge`:  the macroparticle charge in units of the elementary charge `e`.

Author: It also scales the mass of each macro particle though :)

We usually in other PIC codes call this weight, and this is also the name we use in the openPMD standard. I think this is pretty universally understood.

But I am happy to change the doc string if that causes confusion?

Reviewer: Understood.  Let's keep the name, then.  I might just suggest a slight rewording of the doc string.

>       :param w: weight of each particle: how many real particles to represent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :param w: weight of each particle: the macroparticle charge in units of the elementary charge `e`
```

Author: Would this be ok?
```suggestion
      :param w: weight of each particle: the macroparticle charge in units of the elementary charge `e` (i.e., how many real particles to represent)
```

Reviewer: Looks good to me.
